[Music]
so right now we're in International
House one of the dorms at UC Berkeley oh
let's go let's go let's check it out
oh thank you for coming that's the door
this is kind of small for for two people
so I'm a very tall guy yeah yeah you are
yes one so I tend to go she with my
roommate not to live on the top bunk I
won okay so I'm on the bottom bunk is
the bed comfortable how's the mattress
Hudson oh it's bouncy it's it's not too
soft which is good alright well you do
that with a roommate how do you do that
with a roommate it's a very complicated
process it's a lot of hey can I have the
room for a little bit okay yeah so do
you study in your dorm at all I do not
know it's a little messy you got all
your notebooks all your consulting but
do feel crowded at all come on yet no
yeah not yet I mean I'm a tall guy and I
feel fine I enjoy it's a little comfy
it's a little homey you know it actually
goes pretty deep I'm not sure if you
could get that but it goes fairly deep
huh two of you share the same closet but
we do yeah should we just put it right
down the middle okay and you got a nice
view here so right down there is a
courtyard where people can eat food but
it's also like a nice chill place with a
bunch of trees and tables so on a sunny
day you can study down there it's just
very relaxing honestly good solid
sunshine right in the courtyard so it's
absolutely gorgeous how does it like
living here though you know I thought
it'd be really bad honestly but after
being here I think it's two weeks now
I'm pretty pleased that beds are
comfortable my roommates nice that many
of these are good this is a mail room
right he
and then this is the sub mouch got our
grand piano over there there's a lot of
attention to detail here that's nice
yeah and then there's the laundromat
downstairs okay you have to pick one
that's okay I'm happy if you go to
Berkley definitely consider our house I
mean it's convenient cuz like what they
do is all their rent includes dining
fees so you can get all three of your
meals covered you literally wake up
shower take the elevator downstairs and
foods ready for you exactly it's like
you're back
[Music]
the food here is so good literally the
cafeteria has everything they got like
yeah they got ice cream
they got yogurt yeah yeah salad they got
healthier options too that's really
important for me they gotta come bucho
on tap how cool is that and then it got
some steak and chicken over here is get
that protein in I don't see I wash them
in here what's up with that I've I
washed form I assume you mean bathroom
because that is different okay fine yeah
all right on the other side of the wall
a very convenient five stalls it's never
super crowded I don't know either people
don't shower or I'm they're wrong times
out of there so it's shared on the whole
floor I know there are multiple
bathrooms on each floor okay so this
just happens to be right here that's got
lucky and then right across the hall is
the men's restroom is it clean it is
very clean I don't know a few viewers
want to see it but nah I don't want to
get people in there that via probably
not that it's fine you can you imagine
what a washroom looks like oh they clean
it every morning that's good yeah and
they clean the halls every day thank you
for the dorm tour that was very very
quick but I joy yeah subscribe to the
page this is the man yeah you know the
man he's a good guy subscribe to the
page turn on notifications see thank you
Paul of course and
before have the well Jeanette four of us
aren't on this is my room Wow kind of
things are you only seen booth
you